You act as an experienced Interviewer, a helpful assistant, developed by Lorenzo AI, a company helping businesses find great job candidates.
You goal is generating 8 different questions, the first three questions are predefined:
1.  Please give me a brief introduction of your background?
2. Can you tell me the top 3 achievements in your current role?
3. Tell me what makes you to be interested in our opportunity?
Follow by 5 personalized questions for this candiate based on the job description
job description [
Job Description:
VP of Sales
About Wonders 
At Wonders, we build products that delight restaurant managers and offload the 
operational burden of running a restaurant. By enabling frictionless connection between 
restaurants and their customers, we enhance the experience for everyone.
As a company built by technologists and former restaurant operators, Wonders has 
strong customer empathy. We obsess over placing our customers first and working 
backwards, and fundamentally believe that when our customers succeed, we succeed.
Our metrics are strong! Join a rocketship!
● Wonders has achieved significant growth over the past two years, growing 
annual recurring revenue by almost 4x to $46 million and quadrupling our 
customer base of mom and pop restaurants.
● Wonders has maintained profitability for 5+ years and continues to do so even 
with strong growth.
About the Role
This year, we plan to double our ARR and need the right leader to take us there. We 
will do this by providing top-of-class service and technology solutions to not only 
Independent Restaurants, but also Enterprise chains, and through Strategic 
Partnerships. Join us and build the revenue engine that you know you can.
The VP of Sales will be accountable for doubling our client base in 2023 and 
building out our Core Team, Enterprise Team, and Business 
Development/Partnerships Team..
You will use your team building and leadership skills to help Wonders sell our flagship 
product, the Voice Ordering Platform, as well as a suite of restaurant technology 
products such as POS, Delivery and Online by Q4 2023.
Responsibilities:
You are intuitive, entrepreneurial, aggressive, curious, and laser-focused on results. As 
the leader of the Sales Team, you will be accountable for:
● Achieving company growth targets through designing and building a revenue 
engine for independent restaurant clients and mid-market enterprise chains
● Collaborating cross-functionally to communicate market needs and sentiment to 
our teams for future planning
● Working closely with C-Level executives on Go-To-Market strategies
● Managing your Directors to achieve and surpass monthly, quarterly, and annual 
sales goals
● Communicating strategy, deal status, and financial forecasts clearly and 
accurately
● Own the Sales P&L
● Hiring and retaining talent
● Maintaining our phenomenal culture focused on customer, partners, and 
employee success
Minimum Requirements:
● You have 10+ years of Sales Management and 5+ years in a VP-level role at a 
technology services company. (Restaurant Technology company a plus.)
● A validated sales track record in quarterly and annual sales goal achievement
● A framework for building and running successful sales teams
● You have a natural intellectual curiosity to internalize our value proposition and 
have a knack for identifying the fastest path to sale 
● You are an intelligent, aggressive, results-oriented leader who is energized by 
building, growing, and leveling up your team
● You are not afraid to take risks and fail, but learn from your mistakes
● You bring passion, creativity, and energy to building our revenue engine in a way 
that maps to our team culture.
Skills:
● Salesforce - Wonders lives and dies by Salesforce, from Marketing to Sales to 
Post-Sales Account Management
● Asana - We run every meeting efficiently and clearly, with clear due dates and 
documented expectations
● Confluence - Wonders has a heavy writing culture, we find that it’s the best way 
to solidify our thoughts and document decisions to provide transparency across 
the organization
● Bi-lingual. Ability to speak, read and write Mandarin Chinese natively, as well as 
ability to speak, read and write English proficiently.
The compensation range for this role will be $xxx,xxx - $xxx,xxx in on-target earnings as 
you grow the team. Salary is dependent on experience and location. Competitive Bonus 
and Equity brings the total compensation package.] 

Candidate Resume:
 [YINAN (JENNIFER) GU
+1 (650) 519-6406 / guyinan7@gmail.com

OVERVIEW
●Experienced and influential business leader with 20  years of B2B sales and marketing experience in start-up, private, and multinational companies.
●Highly recognized thought leader in the high-tech industry, and an active speaker in executive communities, investment circles, business schools, and women’s leadership events. 
●Strategic solid sales and marketing management, focusing on team building & delivering results.
●CEO/Executive coach helping entrepreneurs grow via self-awareness, overcoming anxiety, and empowering others
●CCE Certified happiness trainer helping people break through the gridlock in careers via positive psychology


EXPERIENCE

Getoxygen- Head of Growth                                                               Oct 2022- Present
Worked closely with the founder to develop and implement a solid go-to-market plan for a new Web3 marketing growth tool, which involved designing a sales process and customer support system.

●Built a dedicated market and sales team (pod) to generate leads, close deals, and onboard customers.
●Developed and executed integrated marketing campaigns, including advertising, PR, events, and digital marketing.
●We conducted market research and customer insights to inform product development and messaging.
●Monitored and reported on marketing KPIs, including leads, conversions, and ROI.
●Successfully closed seed customers deal with monthly subscriptions to make the Saas model work.
●Established a supporting ecosystem for the tool's growth, including partnerships with complementary products and services, user communities, and thought leaders in the Web3 marketing space.

Business Consultant                        		                               Oct 2020 - Present 
Leverage my expertise in positive psychology coaching, business roadmaps, sales management, leadership, and communications to empower entrepreneurs and teams and help them achieve their goals. 
●Empower entrepreneurs and teams through positive psychology coaching combined with business roadmaps, sales management, leadership, and communications.
●Develop and deliver seven self-created sales management and leadership courses to executive teams online and offline.
●Coach CEOs in growing their businesses by enhancing self-awareness, overcoming anxiety, and empowering others during the pandemic, resulting in quadrupled performance.
●Guide senior management teams in effectively combining personal and company goals to improve productivity as an executive coach.
●Share expertise with the Global 500 Tax managers Association online to ease executives' anxiety about the pandemic.


Yunchang Cloud  -  Founder/CEO                                                  Jan 2017 – Sept 2020
Created a new local Internet & cloud managed services company to fit the Chinese market best. The core focus is sales and marketing.
●Reorganized the team to meet sales targets and improve cash flow 
●Raised three rounds of fundraising, plus a successful M&A with ChinaNetCloud
●Promoted by AWS as a global advanced consultant partner, and China’s only certified cloud governance provider
●Built strategic managed service partnerships with all the major Chinese cloud providers
●Partnership with Fuji Corporation & ChinaSoft International to broaden their cloud management platforms and services

ChinaNetCloud  -  VP Sales                                                             Jan 2015 – Dec 2016
Managed company operations & local fundraising. 
●Successfully restructured sales & marketing team for better China localization
●Led the team to finish a strategic angel round, and then a $9 million A-Round of funding
●Successfully built ChinaNetCloud’s unique branding via content marketing and mass media exposure
●Led the team to be the first AWS global certified MSP (managed service partner) in China
●Built strategic Diamond Level partnership with Alibaba Cloud, specializing in migration and 7x24 operations

ChinaNetCloud  -  Sales & BD Director                                         July 2011 – Dec 2014
Managed dozens of salespeople for the world's first and most capable Internet Managed Services Company, with a vision to run all the world's Internet Servers. We managed all types of Internet servers for performance, reliability, security, 24x7 monitoring & troubleshooting, and much more - in China, Asia, & beyond. 
●Led team to drive 50% annual sales increases, becoming the individual sales leader in successive years
●Recruited and trained dozens of salespeople in China and internationally
●Built a solid ecosystem program to resell ChinaNetCloud’s service, including with China’s leading data centers (ChinaNetCenter, 21ViaNet), CDN( ChinaCache), and all the major cloud providers
●Supported the company’s strategic development by leveraging governmental technical and financial support

NEW Ltd.  -  Senior BD Manager                                                     Apr 2009 – Jun 2011
Lead China sales team for the world's largest extended warranty company, managing international key accounts in the China market by maintaining good partnerships and supporting retailers’ sales. Targeted famous retailers entering China, along with famous local sales leaders, including real stores and online businesses. 
●Company’s individual sales leader within 7 months, after increasing sales by 50%
●Successfully closed numerous new deals to meet BD targets
●Led sales team to manage and grow key accounts that generated 60%+ of the company’s revenue

Shanghai Ever Bright Enterprise Development Company  -  Sales manager   Sept 2004 – Apr 2009 
Supervised a four-person sales team for a $30 million international specialty chemical company operating in the USA, Japan, Russia, the UK, Malaysia, and Thailand. Responsible for sales, tracking customs, business progress, and market data, plus identified, developed, and executed international sales strategy. Trained & inspired sales team, including instilling corporate culture & sales service ideals, along with weekly forecasts, pipeline activity, and sales reports. 
●Personally sold US$50 million in products, to customers including Wahaha, Mengniu, FMC, China National Petroleum Cooperation, CNOOC, Halliburton, Australia Mud Company, and the Russian National Oil Company 
●Recruited & trained 10 salespeople
●Created sales procedures and forms including quotations, reporting, etc.

Bureau of Shanghai World Expo Coordination  -  Public Relations Intern      Feb 2004 - July 2004
Assisted with translation, customer relations, logistics, and office administration for the government agency responsible for organizing, operating, and managing the Shanghai World Expo 2010. 
●Created a seminar for the Shanghai World Expo 2010 
●Planned & designed an International Seminar for the Shanghai World Expo 2010
●Assistant for a related forum on SHFE Derivatives Market Forum-Metals Market

Shanghai Yi Ben Co., Ltd, Shanghai, China  -  Marketing Intern               May 2002 -Dec 2002
Assisted in marketing research and office administration for a high-tech $10 million environmental company, focusing on daily waste treatment. 
●Coordinated official evaluation for the company’s new waste processing machine 
●Finished the market analysis for the company’s product

Community Volunteer
2022 - Community volunteer 
2000-2003 - Counselor for teenagers in the community
1998-2002 - Volunteer, Shanghai Elder Dementia Hospital 
2008 - Volunteer, Shanghai Red Cross 




EDUCATION

Stanford University Continued Study   Leadership and Design thinking    2022
Graduated With Grade A

Shanghai University of Business and Economics	Masters Degree in Economics   		      2002-2005
Recognition:
2003 - KONRAD-ADENAUER-FOUNDATION Scholarship/Excellent Student Leader of SIFT 
2005 - Excellent Post-Graduate Student of Shanghai award
Received “Excellent Student” Scholarship each semester

Shanghai University Of Engineering Science    	Bachelor Degree in Management          1998-2002
Recognition:
Received “Highest Grade Student” Scholarship each semester


OTHER
Work Permit： US Greencard holder

Professional Certifications:
ICF Certified Evolutional Coach
Angel Plus Accelerator Certified Startup Coach
CCE-certified happiness Trainer 

Languages:  
Chinese Mandarin – Native
English – Fluent

Other Skills:	   
Competent Communicator certified by Toastmasters International 
Excellent negotiating, presentation, and people skills.

Linkedin Profile:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/yinan-gu/
     
          
].

